[Music]
okay brace yourself this one may be
tough to hear here are ten harsh truths
that many people are afraid to admit no
matter how educated or realistic you are
there are probably still things that you
just refuse to believe although deep
down you know they're true well it's
high time to face reality and accept
these cold hard facts they may seem
difficult to swallow but doing so will
only make your life easier in the long
run and it will be far easier to swallow
than that broccoli you've also been
avoiding but before we start don't
forget to subscribe to our Channel and
turn on notifications so that you won't
miss our new videos alright here we go
most of our memories are false yep
your clearest memories aren't as true as
you may think and that's because our
brains play tricks on us research by dr.
Elizabeth Loftus a professor of
cognitive psychology and human memory
has confirmed that our memories can be
easily distorted in one of her studies
participants were shown a video of a
simulated accident at an intersection
with a stop sign
the viewers who were then given
suggestive information were made to
believe that the car in the video had
actually run a yield sign not a stop
sign and it wasn't that hard to do even
though these people saw what happened
with their own eyes they also found that
implanting entirely false memories into
people's minds isn't impossible either
in the next study 70 percent of
participants were made to believe that
they've committed a crime when they
actually hadn't ooh
fake memories so it turns out we don't
really remember an entire event just
parts of it we then fill in the missing
pieces with other memories or completely
made-up information cool freaky next or
mostly a product of circumstance sure
we're all human and we go through
similar things in life but let's be
honest our starting points are
completely different some people are
born into poverty and drop out of school
to earn money for food while others are
born into riches and stability it's
simply a logical assumption that the
life of the privileged is more enjoyable
than those who struggle to get by thank
goodness there are those rare exceptions
to the role the ones born with nothing
but work their way to the top still
where you come from isn't the end game
it's how you play the hand you're dealt
that matters you can come from a wealthy
family but lose everything because of
your irresponsibility or you can come
from a poor background but be determined
enough to achieve everything you want
and more your future is in your hands so
don't throw it away
next no one wants to love a person who
doesn't love themselves as cliche as it
sounds it's true you won't find the
right person until you learn to love and
appreciate yourself don't waste your
time waiting for prince or princess
charming to suddenly come into your life
make it peachy perfect and then
magically bring you contentment loving
and respecting yourself we'll do that
for you and that's backed up by science
researchers at the University of
Hartford sure discover that happiness is
a habit and the more we practice it the
better same goes for loving yourself
start now and even if you're not sincere
at first the real thing will come after
sometime so stop making other people
responsible for your satisfaction
otherwise you'll always be on an
emotional roller coaster going up when
someone is on your side and falling
right back down when you're alone learn
to enjoy the single life except yourself
but still be open for love to
[Music]
next the world doesn't owe you anything
ooh harsh but true we all sometimes hope
that perfect opportunities will just
randomly come knocking on our door one
day sadly though that's not how it works
because the world really doesn't have to
do anything for you even if you're a
good-looking smart responsible
individual with an amazing personality
it doesn't mean that life will hand you
everything on a silver platter
now you could sit around feeling sorry
for yourself because you deserve so much
but that'll just end in bitter
disappointment in life your other option
though is to just keep pushing on
towards your goals yeah it'll be an
uphill battle they don't call it the top
for nothing
and you'll face countless obstacles on
your way but in the end your efforts
will pay off so the choice is yours you
have more time than you think it's our
favourite phrase there's never enough
time in the day well actually if you
think about it 24 hours a day comes to
168 a week but that could very well
depend on where you live
[Music]
Albert Einstein proved that time is in
constant and contemporary scientists
agree dr. James chin winch ow and his
colleagues at the US National Institute
of Standards and Technology conducted an
interesting experiment and found that
time really does go faster the higher
you are just as Einstein said but living
on the top floor of a high-rise
apartment building is no excuse if you
can't find the time of day you're
probably not looking hard enough it's
simple if you don't work out or eat
right your health isn't your priority if
you don't help your spouse around the
house
your relationship isn't your priority
what you're wasting time on says more
about you than any sort of psychological
testing out there and the wiser you use
your time the more fulfilling your life
will be your life will never be perfect
[Music]
our desperate hope to someday have the
perfect life is only fueled by social
media nowadays all we see are other
people's beautiful lives set against
picturesque locations and full of
laughing friends and smiling selfies in
the bright side can we all just barf now
here's the reality check what you don't
see in those photos are these people's
thousands of attempts to get the right
shot their sleepless nights
self-doubt fights with their spouse and
bad days there's no such thing as a
perfect life or perfect people we're all
human and we all have rough patches it's
just that you've got to learn to
overcome them and keep trudging on
despite your problems and don't aspire
to be like other people you see online
aspire to be a better version of
yourself and work towards that no one is
really too busy they just don't care
about you your partner's too busy to
reply to your fifteenth text your friend
has important errands to run this
weekend that interview lady will call
you back as soon as she gets a chance
and so on we've all heard it before and
the cold truth is that they're not busy
they just don't want to talk to you and
don't take it personally how many times
have you told someone you're too busy to
talk or hang out when really you're
sprawled on the couch watching Netflix
exactly the sooner you stop worrying
about people who don't care about you
the better if someone constantly blows
you off then don't waste your time
trying to keep in touch if they want you
in their lives they'll make a better
effort
[Music]
you can't be perfect for everyone we all
have people in our lives that we just
don't like sometimes we have dozens you
know what I mean
there might not even be a certain reason
they just don't really jive with us
that's all
well it's all too easy to forget that we
can be that person for others think
about it there are over seven billion
people in this world do you really think
it's possible to be liked by all of them
it doesn't matter how kind generous or
Noble you are there are those who simply
won't like you even if you've never
given them a reason not to
so don't base your self-esteem on other
people's opinions you're amazing just
the way you are and you don't have to
prove that to anyone
life isn't fair yep no matter what point
you're at in life right now you have to
realize that it's not always going to be
sunshine and roses life consists of
different stages and not all of them are
happy once people won't always
appreciate your hard work people close
to you will betray you you'll experience
loss just be prepared for anything to
happen it doesn't mean that your life's
over it's just a rough patch you have to
get through to become a stronger and
better person who's gained experience
and learned a valuable lesson
this will only allow you to grow
the person that's most likely to kill
you is you the UK's National Health
Service put together the atlas of risk
sounds epic I know and it kind of is
actually according to it
the most common causes of death are
heart disease cancer and respiratory
problems at the same time high blood
pressure smoking and high cholesterol
are the most common risks leading to
death and what does that mean for us
well our fears of dying in a car crash
or being murdered are a little misplaced
our biggest threat is our bad habits
sedentary lifestyle and poor diet take a
closer look at your life and ask
yourself one question are all of my
habits and actions good for me if not
cross the unhealthy ones out you
definitely don't need them and what
about you what was the hardest truth you
ever had to admit tell me in the
comments below and don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]